fix: update influxql docs to reflect implicit time limit (#5237)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-serverless/query-data/influxql/explore-schema.md

  If no measurement is specified, the query returns all tag values from the
  specified tag keys in the bucket.
- Use the `WITH` clause to compare `KEY` to tag keys to list the values of.

> - Use the `WHERE` clause to restrict the search to a specific time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `WHERE` clause to restrict the search to a specific time range (default time range is the current time minus 1 day).
```

{{% note %}}

> By default, a `SHOW TAG VALUES` query is limited to the current time minus 1 day.
> `SHOW TAG VALUES` is an expensive operation in terms of performance, but if you need information
> beyond 1 day, you can add a `WHERE` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [Tag and field values aren't indexed in {{% product-name %}}](/influxdb/cloud-serverless/write-data/best-practices/schema-design/#tags-versus-fields) - `SHOW TAG VALUES` scans all tag values within the given time range.
Because `SHOW TAG VALUES` can be an intensive operation, it has a default time range equal to the current time minus 1 day.
To query more or less data, specify a time range in the `WHERE` clause.
```
